Goals::

Goal is to run a horse race with a random coin flip chance that that a horse moves foraward

Input:

THe function accepts integers for the seed and then has ENTER values to continue the race

Outputs: When I wrote it and compiled it through VS code i was able to get a working horserace, I tried online compilers and I got a working output.

When retyping it here it doesn't compile correctly.

STEPS:

First, I needed the horses and their tracks definied in a string.So, i made 5 global character arrays for the horses. 

I knew i would need a swap function, so that was added. I needed to find the location to swap, so i made a function to locate the digit representing the horse in the array to be the location to swap. this way the horse could progress forward. Did this by running a loop searching for a digit, and setting the number of times parsed through the loop for the index of the horse in the array.

I needed global variables at this point to store the indexes of each horse, so those are added.

Once the horse is at the last part of the array, index 14, they have won, so a fucntion is made to call and announce a horse as winner if their index is 14. 

I needed finally a fucntion to manage each turn. In each turn the horses needed a random chance of moving forward. Set a rand() to be modded by 2 to give 0 or 1. this way it is 50/50 odd of moving or not. Variables are set for the roll of each horses coin toss. if the roll lands on 1 then they move forward, so the if statements that a follow check if the roll = .1 if it does the horse needs to be swapped foward.

Now, if a horse hits 14 the race needs to end. So the turn function will be put into a loop checking if the race is finished. The race is finished if any horse hits an index of 14, so an if statement is set up doiung this with a global boolean variable checking for finished set to false. The loop will run until the finished variable is true.

once it is true, the last thing to be added to the main is the winner() function to announce the winner of the race. 

